Astro 10/18 release notes (#1361)
astronomer/docs: astro/release-notes.md

**Latest CLI Version**: 1.6.0 ([Release notes](cli/release-notes.md))

## October 18, 2022 

### Additional improvements 

> - The **Access** menu is now a tab in the **Workspace Settings** menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Access** has been moved from the left Cloud UI menu to a tab on the **Workspace Settings** page.
```
Has the new **Details** tab been mentioned previously?

Author: Not directly, but we've discussed it indirectly as part of a previous release note in "A simpler Deployment page"

> - The **Workspace Settings** is now visible to all Workspace members.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Workspace Settings** in the left menu of the Cloud UI is now available to all Workspace members.
```

**Latest CLI Version**: 1.6.0 ([Release notes](cli/release-notes.md))

## October 18, 2022 

### Additional improvements 

> - In the Cloud UI, **Access** has been moved from the left menu to a tab on the **Workspace Settings** page.- In the Cloud UI, **Workspace Settings** in the left menu is now available to all Workspace members.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In the Cloud UI, **Access** has been moved from the left menu to a tab on the **Workspace Settings** page.
- In the Cloud UI, **Workspace Settings** in the left menu is now available to all Workspace members.
```
